
+
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good morning and welcome to the video.
and it's adorable.
34.
I will bless the Lord.
all times, injection.
to raise chances can really be in our way.
My soul makes it good.
for the Lord. I'll hear it.
You fly good luck.
I will work with you.
I saw the Lord in the answer.
and the liberty for all my
I'm not here. I'm not here. That was a good one. I'm not here. That was a good one. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here.
So we love the EMR right here. And here.
Music
trumpah pay testimony
more significantting pride in the war hurricane.
Insave to not for all the cars
to see that the horn feels good.
The last is the band.
the
Thanks. For those who fear it.
to have to love.
We don't like it, so suffer a lot of hunger.
those are to see for more back.
teach you a vegetables and bean like that. Hey!
What we need to hear from designers.
Good, keep the top.
We're gonna wait for you to do good.
and see the inside of a sewers.
The eyes of the Lord are still working.
and we alwaysabout the Russians as peers PvPEC are standard
they're rough. I think some of the more it's against the...
So as you can be, the come off of it.
Do the branches Comedgroup up BAD
And the liver is about to hold it.
humanitymates and theiraza action formation issue NH
oh no just Advancement.
for the new years I flew to come on next year, but up there.
Yeah, so we'll be beginning 13 minutes.
class looking at historic region confessions.
What's yourself? Fine.
and that's seen through. So if you don't know, any of you.
that feeds or you know a lot of other feeds, you should participate in this class.
They're active in court for our life.
I say not an email to some people, but if you didn't get it.
Basically what it said was, if you're wanting to come to it with...
Come with a basically a summer.
I really appreciate the feeling. It's all about it.
100 words, 115 words or less, because that's...
I mean we're turning the apostles free, so we're going to be doing concant.
We're hearing what we think is essential to what the muscles create with the nerve.
and we'll look at it some other things, grab the first one.
So it'll be a good time together and let's start it with the next one.
Thanks, Liz. Yeah, what it takes that we talk about, we'll be in your members' comments.
Bright Jesus is going to be our Bill P St. where our foresters would happily Africa science science science
that are possible in the 19th grade. Sometimes people will ask them why do they?
matter what you can say. So this is if you tend to explore what it means for us.
historically rooted or discouraged in what the fact of importance.
for our lives.
We are turning our attention to Colossians 4 versus 2%
This is a scandal-owned sermon that is going to...
Leave us for later prayer. Be giving the next Sunday, we're giving you a service to the Doth.
But today's is getting closer and related to the week of prayer.
That is going to come up and reinforce Colossians 4G for 6.
. . . .
. .
Continue steadfast with the88 Arena – beingkynda.
at the same time. We also have...
and maybe here is how I want to speak. Walking with the...
More else I guess, maybe the best things for time.
PEHDAIR additive are instead excited
let's briefly
is for us to be able to gather as your people and hear your word.
What do we ask for the next figure?
to give us alert and start by.
to help with hearts to hear from you. But.
Et al fry the workers, we actors. epic really
that you would lift us up towards Christ.
I think it works with my application in our lives.
Let me read that.
goal, let'swind.
You can see this is a fast lead career being watchful and everything's different.
At the same time, very awesome for us.
that got me open to us if you're open to the water.
to declare the mystery of Christ on top of which I...
in prison that I'm making clear which is how I ought to speak.
And walk and log a Talk outside us.
that's used to the time. Let me speak always with the gracious.
season with silence so that you may know how to
I'm watching answer as per someone. So as I said, the upcoming week is now.
we move back through the tirs chair and
So, you people will be able to count on someone's food offhand.
It's about this, so you will bring with us and spirit in your homes.
The reason we do this in a half-doubt this past few years is it's a instant way.
of recognizing our complete dependence of God.
And one of the things that we can systemally pray for as it's true.
is conversions. We want to see God.
But the power of the whole is superior. Bring the people hard to save me.
in faith be Christ through the ministry of this church.
I imagine that most you've got to hold me.
You're in a room with a yes. I want that for that.
The church is that we watch him make sure it involves me.
life cycles of Jesus Christ, part of that, part of the seeing we've cycles made.
but even if that's a click.
you could legitimately wonder.
What? What would be like regular...
ordinary believers in the church have to do with that.
making your motorcycles or another motorcycle if you are not
involved in free senior team change. Or if you don't feel the urgency purely.
you have to do that in a man who must do, can't look at your life and say yes, I have one.
I get stabbed with a lot of different individuals and great with them.
French or St. Teionitizes? How can they really evolve the witnessing?
That's what we're going to do this morning. Be the test.
be cautious for you through sex that they're head to spray. Here is the big idea.
business.
advance the work of the gas bottle.
God, about people. Let's speak to people.
about God. I'll say it one more time. We're very interested in
to answer the word of the Gospel by speaking to God.
about people, about that.
up. We are dropping ready to look back in the case.
and in this buttery of the cloth. So we don't have to spend time with previous three chapters.
So let me give you a little bit of background. In the passage
for them, which is right. The college is giving the discharge.
So final instructions from this door line.
But for background it's helpful to realize that the letters
of the collection is book animated with this theme of prayer.
So the typical letter from Paul and Lou Briechley Church.
As a greeting, thanksgiving and prayer.
Paulo Secretary Judge Myrit describe that in Italian. Jo tyuins autmo
Thank you for the praise you got about and then you will
often tell them what you use praying for. You can see that basic formula in many ways.
pulse letters. Paul didn't play in this drum.
sitting here like
about the fruit that was coming in this church. From the truth of the day.
The notes of the colossians are growing in the face of the coat and the
a lot of them is freezing down for that. He takes down for that and then he says, it's a very good clock.
It's one first nine. It's also like this frame for.
I'll read this one after 11. It says, and so...
from the day we heard we have not ceased to pray for you.
asking that you may be filled with the knowledge you see.
will evolve spiritual wisdom and understand.
So as to walk in a manner worthy of the Lord.
Fully pleasing to him, bearing through in every good work.
and increase it in the knowledge of God.
May you be strength and with all power according to me.
to a glorious invite for all endurance and patience with joy.
So Paul creates this church and says here's what I am
and then chapter four, let's find those after.
where we are and we say, here's how you can be praying for us.
It's a powerful reminder for us because it's...
the New Testament church in the first century, they cannot be physically present.
with each other all the way through a scatter. They cannot connect.
in modern technology the way we can. But then where are you not even about prayer?
And there's a pretty simple structure to these five verses. We can look at the verses.
to through for as speaking. We can, let me-
Let's be about prayer. We should look at that as talking to God. We should.
So if you buy a person's title, six is talking about people. So let's look at two people.
General force move through Shift. Turn Close To Start
Continue steadfastly in prayer. Be watchful and good with thanksgiving.
at the same time. Very awesome for us.
without being open to us to explore for the order. To declare the mystery.
of the Church of Christ, on top of which I am at the prison, that I may make it.
We're just going to be here, which is how I watch this video.
you steadfastly in prayer.
I'm going to go with each other. What do the main things are taught?
without prayer in the New Testament as we are in the key.
for us not being one type of thing he'd be saying.
that we must keep going after we must proceed.
We are to continue steadfastly prepared.
The idea is to be fixed, resolute.
Turlingeless, scatily determined inferior
in Look A team, what you State of limited
the purpose of that terrible was still that.
they ought to pray always if not lose harm. That one is...
is commended for a consistent dev types of paper.
In the Lord's Prayer, when Jesus teaches His disciples of prayer, E.T.M.
Did you do anything with people apart from being such
our daily prayer. Me and other words, prayers to be sacred.
and on the one we have everything needs.
Therefore we have to be giggly and persistent in practice.
And the attitude that we should have instead of just for air.
these watchfulness. That word is a reference.
to Jesus' words to His disciples in the garden, one key prayer.
And they thought of sleep. Jesus said.
that Mark relates this to us in chapter 14. Jesus came to the family to sleep.
a set of ears sign Coastal, could be not because they were watching.
one hour watch and pray that you may not be.
that your interpretation, the spirit indeed is willing to put the button.
And we see that prayer is a source.
spiritual awareness. It's a way that we...
keep our heads and the bowels spiritually.
It's contrary to the kind of drowsy, numb...
for Los Angeles State. Go with you.
to be able to keep releasing my tele dealshammer weapons
you there's a great deal of talk about things like
or I can use like capture in the day and then.
depending on where you've lost effort, so look at that thing, I'm gonna now rest me with you.
But regardless of the language they need to use.
We all have this awareness that it's time.
is cleaning and we want to make the best use of it.
If you may need any kind of resolutions or determination.
this year. I split, I'm guessing none of you resolved this.
Watch more Netflix.
We think we want to invasion.
the best and most purposeful use of our...
And there's an almost each of it supply of things like
of journals and texts and apps and resolutions and prompts to help us go through.
days with more purpose and interaction. Some of them may be helpful.
Here's the best thing. Kid TV.
you i
be watchful in it with Thanksgiving. Prayer.
our God, even sources of spiritual awareness, that we are to be watchful.
with Thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving is the balance.
that we need in our... one with ray.
We are not simply submitting our request list about we are thinking.
that came in crazy. And when we do this, it...
we you tell the Acts OPAL ponies Capitol
in our nearest side of this. Thanks a friends Remember
because it helps us to look back and look up. We're reminded.
to God's faithfulness. We're reminded of how these ants are occurring in the past as opposed
We're constantly talking about what we need now.
Because if we look, if we look simply at our...
lives or our families.
our circle of friends or our church and we simply think about it.
for the engineer at the beach. Come for more!
Thanks, give it, build, it's our faith.
refreshes our memory. It's the balance that we need to
consistent prayer. Continue step passing for your big watch.
at the same time, first crew says.
Great also for us. If that may open to us.
for the work. At the beginning.
of the latter all set for the caution. Here's what I'm trying for you.
and I'm going to check before I just take it. Here is how you can create for a bus. In other words, here.
I do prepare for Paul and his administrative scheme.
The prayer is that God would open up a door.
for their property of the word.
So the proclamation of the word was the main type
for calls for laborers. It's not everyone's making it.
These men were set apart for that work.
and yeah, these collashions, you have other responses.
abilities. They were let's say four minutes.
that's it. They can try it at this work that it paints.
See in our 3rd, it's spiritual work. God has to do it. He is the one.
I'm just going to ask you to open the door and that is for today, whether...
is one single heart heart or it is in the past house this week.
like this one we're going to talk about gospel advances with new country or new region.
for me to meet me, we do not create it.
open doors. We don't create open doors.
and this receptivity favorable response to the gospel.
the open door especially with a z business
All elsewhere in New Testament. In first Corinthians 16, he's concluding a lesson.
there it says I will study an emphasis in so picture dust
for a wide door for effective work is open.
worsening
So the open doors necessary so that the hall is closed.
If you could clear the mystery of
That needs to be the hover cross, that visitor E.?".
The call wants to know the word for play. It doesn't mean that Jesus is...
This is like a secret or shadowy character. It's a reference.
something earlier that I mean the latter chapter one. Let me go.
back at different moments. So look at Colossians 124 through 29.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All said, now I rejoice in my suffering for your sake.
In my flesh, I'm filling out what is black and you can press.
to the safety of his body as the church.
I can take home this according to the stewardship from God that is given.
to make the Word of God fully known.
the mystery in working in using generations.
But now we're going to be able to distinguish to them.
those to make known how great among the Gentiles have the bridge using.
of the glory of this mystery which is Christ in you.
Kemies apply
with all wisdom that we may present everyone.
to make sure I press. For this, I told you all.
struggling with all this energy that the power fluid works with it.
So when that's your end is your starting to digause.
glorious, unfolding, playing the redemption.
which centers on Jesus. Use the mysterious or this king
or both, treat them like you are transmiting, and not sometimes handle steam normally or only partially under stability in a 17. Every person can play with you if you're talking about thatON tasting like your name goes along to one of the myself, you might also have to wear this
cast but now it is to become clear.
life and death and resurrection of Jesus.
that was partially under stability for his bent run vehicle.
He's ok. He's ok. A lot of God, personally. He's ok.
died in our places our substitute. These risen from the day, we can know.
What about faith which and we reunited to God? We united to God, we united to God, we can.
We can know him for a split tip. We have...
hope in the life of this time and pause.
says I'm believe her to declare that good news.
so that everyone might come to full maturity.
express that God will open the door.
for effective work. It's a reminder to us today.
We ought to pray for missionaries for a time.
other churches. Great for mystery leaders and other places in the world that adopt.
I would open up for them effective doors.
effective work so that they might just play a gospel.
And that frees for mind us again. Paul's location is the right side.
This is what truck will. Hub easily. Yeah.
advance without the spvil. So Eins practise is interested in.
and difficult circumstances, hall asks the Colossians.
to pray that people have opportunities to...
share the gospel which is expressed.
You direct your stomach...
You know it's an intimidating place in Black person standards.
It's famous for its riots about 50 years ago, the walls are thick.
They're probably 40 feet high. That way the pattern I've met with.
what this may have. We ask people to pray for it.
Well, when you think you need to make tickerly once per.
He wants to get out of it. He's said, Mason.
to try for me that God would give you favor, you might have coming from me.
So that can get out of here. That makes sense.
Yes. You've missed me, Tom. I wanted to get out of there.
And we've been there a couple hours next 20 years.
Is what is a post request.
It's great, this is reducing the heat. It's not bad.
These ask that this church would pray for it.
the advance for the gospel. That matters more than...
is circumstances that is not dependent on the circumstances.
You may be a person for that's Paul says elsewhere than the word that God is about.
So he's asking that the church would pray for him.
And it's seen that I made a negative clear, which is...
how I want to speak. Make sure you get clear. That's what we're going to miss.
us. Here is this passage. We see that.
wonderful balance of divine sovereignty with human beings.
responsibility. I want to start with getting the other one. If God is not.
that will be your effective work. That's got's up.
There will be no progress without school. That is God's side.
And yeah, Paul is...
ask me for prayer that he might need as
Christmas clear as possible in his word minister.
He still sees it as his responsibility and it is.
that teacher communicates with both clarity.
That's his cat. That's what he said. That's how I bought you speed.
Sometimes, you know, verbally, we'd recommend it by denying our families the same thing.
I don't get left in this room on Sunday. Things like five holes, a little stir, and a little stir.
It was. You take the line and put it in the last one down.
What time I picked up a note of that? Looking for an name hoping for a turn.
and thought it was full of sermons. That's nice.
That's always encouraging for a creature-seeking people on the occasion with the server by taking it.
So I thought I would say you were remembering if you don't mess it.
that I've reached and then I flip it with H again. I got a minute.
No idea what that is done.
And things like that can be a humbling.
the cover of my ear that it's asked for the printers to be asked.
absolutely faithful to the text and clear.
In communication, I have a seminary professor who uses it.
to tell us if Mr. Paul Fade is a father and a team.
and those are the three ones playing.
to speak with faithfulness and clarity.
that's the task. And it's not simply a matter of other...
like rhetoric or communication. Paul asked me.
the church is who are age-forwarding in this past. In other words, it's spiritual work.
So again, Christians are actually afraid for their passing.
for missionaries, for missionaries that God will go over to work.
that they will speak them, that he will open the door for effective work.
speak the word clearly. God.
advances the gospel through the prayer of ordinary
Christians, Christians, and other sponsors. The ability to talk to God about these things.
But now we see the second half of this passage.
also have responsibility to talk to people themselves versus...
Two through four are basically about speaking to God.
This is how we do.
five and six are really about speaking to people.
load up now. We'll give back to my 2000 s
Walking witharma, third outsiders. Making that...
best use of the tire that your speech always be gracious.
season the salt so that you may know
how you can launch the answer each person.
Outsiders are referring to those outside of the church. No sewer.
where layers were graphed into Lisa Hallah, or Ad lessen. You fully see how the heights Fit to the near and low
distinction between politics, civil and those of the believers in class.
So, call in the Apostle in the ministry team.
They are praying that God will open up the doors of the history of their thinking.
Let's say let's call it proactive. He's making direct
an Opera of the
need to apply the ambition to freeze to the gospel. That word presses already been made.
Bless the fill the grunts over the necessary body vessel. Keep
most of us are not in all situations.
Most people are not spearhead or cutting earning.
Gospel or Work. Our ministry for most
us is more like let's call it responsive or reactive as we need
of the people around us. So outside.
Now, it's under 50 student class. It could be a cohort.
It could be the task here, but the second one could be a family.
If you're friendly to the gym, if you be someone sitting right next to your brain.
It's coming, church. We really have a lot of practice.
questions about what Christian fate is about.
Well, I can do this in the process. Well, what is it about connecting?
as time is fleeting. So I'm 90, which is concerned.
to use the noversion
and golf ball and key in that hardhand. In terms of fruit and cloudsiders...
This means we have the reference. We do not have any H3D.
the moment the tide was anyone.
So we took a bunch of credit. We'll walk into this.
What I've spoken to this passage, we thought about prescribed rotation.
really free since myself this was my biggest point
Now, I'll go back to next application.
frictionless or self of your state.
how often am I oblivious to the answer?
You will see older heroes so now we will go for it. Councilor Harrison,100. Councilor Dodd,100. Councilor crawling in.
of all the time with people who are looking for answers. They didn't mean that.
that he is as close as he is talking about Jesus. But he also is.
that those who know the rest have been offered to be.
It's actually life changing.
So he says, let your speech always be correct.
That's our first. Our words.
for those who are not at Christ, watching the gracious.
In other words, they have to be time caring, thought.
to eat, season the salt.
That's a corrective. So those of us who tend to think that if we are...
There's an ice at us. People will come to believe in Jesus.
Everyone's going up.
Once in one, I'm making able to go across the streets of trafficking.
for less. I'm like a moderate believer.
your technique is to do this long as you don't go there more than three times a year.
But if you think about what they are doing over there, it's hard to take.
It doesn't taste good because...
because they have three great chickens, but they're fashionable.
are so fresh. It's not, it's not exactly the part of the table over there.
It's all seasoning, right? What would they have without seasoning?
And if I were to, if I were to.
only gracious without that.
all this season. They might be delighted to get help.
So if unbelievable is caught to you.
and they can fly with you in the old one.
thing that you've ever do is you stress everything.
More sediment. Ball Curve 3iverse.
Then it might be time to put a little source of furrow.
be more bold and take your risk of talking directly about it.
for asking a hard question.
Jesus said, and he meant he were the salt of the earth.
yourself. It's lost in space. Perhaps you'll be something that's going to be restored.
But the reverse is also true.
let your speech be gracious. Some people want to have...
conversations with outsiders that are deep blue on the page of someone's ripple.
eezys!
So we need to preach a whole sermon to someone who's apathetic.
That's not making the best use of the time.
It's not really treatment of graciously out of it. You want your...
conversation to be seasoned with salt.
So, we can see the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
outside. Really just kind of a process to a conclusion. Keep that outside.
different with different questions, different concerns.
but it cannot be approached.
or respond into you in a one size offense way.
So when you go to work, there you go to school.
or you're interacting with me good. North me.
responsibility is to work for the noticeable. It's not a bridge. It's the junior job.
best of your ability for God's glory. At the same time.
for the walking wisdom, for those who surround me.
I'm praying for that. I'm going to teach you that.
with gracious and salty conversation.
We think about this church in the first century.
They were being tiny percent of the population overall.
There were all sorts of rumors of misconceptions.
that circulated about what these price fathers would like.
We're going to be on our horse and we'll be deal with it in our workplace or social interactions.
You might feel like you have to combat stereotype from a specific
about winter.
I think about this.
Most people in Western Europe are not really viable. Most people in Western Europe are not only people in Western Europe, but also people in Western Europe.
to not spend time as weak listening to.
Preaching. We'll listen to that for a big time.
But if they know you, they have a chance to...
those are at converse with someone.
We've got this. We have a chance to serve someone who does the topic.
and then they have a chance to make their own applications.
out there. It might be wondering... this listig Jamie
How would I know how to answer each person? Just take this back.
We pray. We pray. We pray. We pray. One with you.
continue to stay fast and we can be topfr
Well, the room is probably right around the room, but minimums impedance. I'm guessing if you would anticipate the oven soft
that uses ordinary versus to dance the work of a gospel.
Talk to God about people. Talk to people about God. That's great.
Father, thank you for the evening.
Amazing opportunity to have to approach it for.
Can I credit you with how close to these?
fast and persistent. In prayer.
But we think of missionaries.
in the industries that we support as a church. We think of churches.
about this area that I'm going to go work.
in theLandittehuite test.
but you do or as a perspective, it's even in this community.
So, Lord, we pray for that.
to pray for ourselves that we would walk and visit him for a goes around.
Let's help us with our just directions.
Self-absorption where we are so consumed in our own company.
in terms of we are not aware of the outside size of the house. Close to making.
the best use of the time.
time of season for anxious and season and so on. We pray for this and we pray for it for your glory.
factor collapse and
Please don't know me
I wonder what you're following
Thank you.
You may be seated.
four eight
We do this as an act to remember our Lord.
The sacrifice that's made, for forgiveness of sins.
And also at the time, it's you acknowledge them.
I love him reading from our receive from the Lord, but I also love him.
That the Lord Jesus of the night will be used to trading so fresh.
And when you get to the fans you broke it and said this...
is my body which is for you to do this in the memory.
of me in the same way you all have such a good time.
proper, proper, proper, safer. This covers the new company Michael,
Do this as often as you drink it in remembrance of the...
First office you need this bread and drink the cup.
write in your awareness of yourAnimals.
It's all for God's people with part eight of this that an app to remember.
and as an end to proclaim the death and resurrection.
If you know the Lord, you are about to.
cast.
you can take time to consider and turn from sit.
and trust in Christ, but if you are not, I hope you will be good at it.
for the leaders as an act of remembering the world. So this time has a...
turn this time to the flat and take it on the gap.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Scripture means that this is my hive.
She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking. She is freaking.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
We also took the car back to Suckers saying this top is
You're coming in the microphone. Do this as often as you can.
. . . .
First of all, finish this bread and drink it.
I'm gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who
Thank you.
ird
for a gathering that's reading this doc'sology together from Ephesians 3 and 20.
Our work will be all in the after-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-
A great hour and a worth of minutes.
and people are in the church and in the Christ Jesus.
Rockets around all generations, never really."
Oh
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love
Today's class is for all of them.
in j fucking
Let's celebrate those great labels pleased with the
S-E-D-Z-E-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L
I'm gonna say no, I'm gonna say no, I'm gonna say no.
